c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\YemiOyetoro.dll.config
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\YemiOyetoro.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\YemiOyetoro.pdb
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\antlr.runtime.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Appccelerate.Fundamentals.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Appccelerate.StateMachine.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\CookComputing.XmlRpcV2.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\DevExpress.Data.v7.1.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v7.1.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v7.1.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v7.1.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Ionic.Zip.Reduced.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\JetBrains.Annotations.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\JetBrains.System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Deployment.Compression.Cab.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Deployment.Compression.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Client.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Commands.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Common.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Configuration.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.ContentModel.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Core.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.DependencyResolver.Core.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.LibraryModel.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.PackageManagement.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Packaging.Core.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Packaging.Core.Types.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Packaging.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.ProjectManagement.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.ProjectModel.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Protocol.Core.Types.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Protocol.Core.v2.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Protocol.Core.v3.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Protocol.VisualStudio.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Repositories.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Resolver.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.RuntimeModel.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Versioning.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NVelocity.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\SharpCompress.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Sprache.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Vestris.ResourceLib.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\WpfContrib.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\xunit.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\xunit.runner.utility.net452.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\DevExpress.Data.v7.1.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v7.1.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v7.1.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v7.1.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\JetBrains.Annotations.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Client.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Commands.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Common.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Configuration.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.ContentModel.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.DependencyResolver.Core.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Frameworks.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.LibraryModel.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.PackageManagement.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Packaging.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Packaging.Core.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Packaging.Core.Types.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.ProjectManagement.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.ProjectModel.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Protocol.Core.Types.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Protocol.Core.v2.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Protocol.Core.v3.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Protocol.VisualStudio.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Repositories.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Resolver.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.RuntimeModel.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NuGet.Versioning.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\NVelocity.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Vestris.ResourceLib.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\WpfContrib.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\xunit.abstractions.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\xunit.runner.utility.net452.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\obj\Debug\YemiOyetoro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\obj\Debug\YemiOyetoro.dll
c:\users\yemi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YemiOyetoro\YemiOyetoro\obj\Debug\YemiOyetoro.pdb
